Supply chain management Project

Services used - S3, Glue, Lambda, SNS, Event Bridge, Step functions, Cloud watch, IAM

•	Aim is to ingest table data into Data Lakehouse and Data Warehouse.

The starting point of the project is from the arrival of the Fact data from the upstream system. 
The Fact data will come from ERP, CRM and other project management systems any time in a day. 
So the data needs to be processed very quickly and make available in the downstream pipeline is crucial. 
With the help of AWS services, we set up a event driven system that monitors the flow of data, which is a event triggered,
helps us to process the data very quickly. 

Once the data came into the S3 bucket, through event bridge, the data is verified and processed using lambda and glue. 
And in case of any failure, we set up a failure notification, using SNS through lambda function.

When the event is triggered the silver_dimension_etl_glue runs to fetch the data from OLTP database, to get the data and 
process only incremental changes, in case of any update, delete or insert of any records of data, using the help if glue bookmark.
It captures the only changes made recently starting from the last time it fetched the data. And it stores the data in dimension 
tables of glue silver database. 

If we are fetching data for the first time, it fetches all the data and by providing the timestamp to track the last fetched date,
on the further fetching it only takes the data, greater than the last fetched timestamp, By this we are achieving incremental change, 
instead of processing the whole file. 

And, once the dimension glue job done, it carries out the schema validation check using lambda function. If it fails, it calls
 the notify_failure_lambda function and through SNS, the notification has sent to the verified email. 

Once the data schema is verified, it is then passed to the silver_fact_etl_glue, which extracts the arrived file in the 
S3 bucket and upzip, process, and stores the data in glue silver schema facts tables.

And followed by the gold_dimension_etl_glue is called for creating the summary tables from the processed tables. 
And after successful completion of all the jobs, a Summary email is sent using SNS, through lambda function send_summary_email


The Glue scripts are developed and tested in the local IDE spark environment and deployed in AWS Glue jobs.
